[Music]
so based on the popularity of our first
lesson with Harry Potter and so many of
you asking us for another one we thought
we would bring you a new lesson with a
famous scene from this delightful movie
in this scene we see the kids learning
one of their first spells as we
explained in the other lesson we made on
Harry Potter a spell is a group of words
used as a magical charm or incantation
in the Wizarding World they use wands to
cast spells that is to cause them to
take effect all right let's watch the
first part of the scene where Professor
Flitwick explains the spell one of the
Wizards most rudimentary skills is an
imitation the ability to make objects
fly you will have your feathers good now
what
don't forget the nice wrist movement
we've been practicing the swish ad flick
everyone enunciate
Wingardium Leviosa off you go then
one of the Wizards most rudimentary
skills is an imitation or the ability to
make objects fly levitation is the
action of rising and floating in the air
without any physical support this word
is typically associated with supposed
magical or super powers so when Superman
or a Dragonball Z character flies we
could also say they are levitating the
verb to levitate can refer to causing
something to levitate or levitating
yourself example some people actually
believe that if you meditate enough you
can achieve the ability to levitate one
of the Wizards most rudimentary skills
is an invitation
now the adjective rudimentary it means
the same as basic so if something such
as a skill as considered rudimentary it
relates to the beginning or initial
phase of learning that is it is a basic
skill not an advanced one example she
only had a rudimentary formal education
that you will have your feathers
Professor Flitwick will now try and
teach the students how to levitate an
object by magic for practice they're
going to try the spell on feathers now
well don't forget the nice wrist
movement we've been practicing the wrist
is the part of the body between the hand
and the arm where you'd normally wear a
watch don't forget the nice wrist
movement we've been practicing the swish
everyone in the Wizarding World to cast
a spell with your wand also requires you
to make a specific movement of the wrist
while holding the wand he describes this
movement as the swish and flick if
something swishes or you swish it it
moves through the air making a soft
sound this refers to the first part of
the movement which is about making a
long soft swishing movement with the
wand the second part is about flicking
the wand if something flicks or you
flick it it moves and hit something or
simply stops with a short sudden
movement
if you flicked someone or something it
could be painful as we see when Monica
and Rachel fight here did you just flick
me okay well you wouldn't let me finish
and I was
hey if you're enjoying having fun
learning with videos like this one on
our Channel but you feel like you need
some more help
taking your English comprehension and
fluency to the next level
then I highly recommend you check out
our fluent with friends course you will
master native vocabulary pronunciation
cultural context and so much more with
the first two seasons of the popular TV
series friends you can get a free trial
at right now with our three-part mini
course just click up here or down the
description below to learn more and sign
up
don't forget the nice wrist movement
we've been practicing by the way did you
notice how Flitwick pronounces the word
wrist here
don't forget the nice wrist movement how
about the word rudimentary one of the
Wizards most rudimentary skills you
probably noticed this sounds very
different from the are sounds heard in
the American accent and even different
from the more common standard British
accent let's hear it again
don't forget the nice wrist movement you
just heard the distinctive rolling R
that is common to the Scottish accent
interestingly enough it sounds very
similar to the rolling are found in
Spanish Portuguese and Italian languages
something you'd like to say there are
several things I would like to say we
never use Transfiguration as a
punishment
surely Dumbledore told you that might
have mentioned it but you will do well
to remember it I thought if you find it
now I could can't only a parent or a
guardian consign since I am neither it
would be inappropriate what do you think
of all the different accents that can be
heard in the Harry Potter movies do you
find any particular character who you
think is harder to understand
join the discussion in the comments
below the swish ad pick everyone
[Applause]
good enunciate Wingardium Leviosa to
enunciate it's a say or pronounce words
fully and clearly for example I really
try to enunciate much more when I teach
English than when I speak with American
friends in this case Professor Flitwick
is referring to making a clear sound and
correctly pronouncing the spell don't
yet
Wingardium Leviosa off you go then
off you go is a British English
idiomatic expression with two slightly
different applications in this case it
was used as to tell somebody that they
can now start doing something such as a
presentation or an activity in class as
seen in the scene Flitwick is allowing
his students to start practicing however
this expression is more commonly used to
let somebody know that they can now
leave is there something you wish to
tell me no sir very well then
off you go
highly recommend reacquaint yourself
with the chapter on antidotes I'll tell
you more about bazaars in our next class
right off you go
please forget your rat tail
[Music]
[Applause]
Wingardium Leviosa
stop stop stop you're going to take
someone's iron besides you're saying it
wrong
it's Leviosa not Leviosa you do it then
if you're so clever
Wingardium Leviosa
[Applause]
oh well table see here everyone this
gray just done it
splendid Guardian Leviosa
stop stop stop you're going to take
someone's Island
even though Hermione is probably
jokingly exaggerating here when she says
that Ron is going to take someone's eye
out
she means that he's been too careless or
irresponsible with this movement because
it seems to be so uncontrolled and
aggressive that he will end up causing
an accident and hurting somebody's eye
example I don't want you kids playing
with fireworks you could lose a finger
or take somebody's eye out
hey so every week we hope learners like
you understand fast speaking natives
without getting lost without reason the
jokes and without subtitles
just like Huma who said that she's
improving her English fluency every day
by watching our videos so if you want to
improve your fluency just like Huma then
I highly recommend you hit that
subscribe button and the bell down below
to not miss a single one of our new
lessons you're going to take someone's
on it besides you're saying it wrong
it's Navy Oh saw not Navy Oh song
besides means the same as also or in
addition it is used to add new
information like an argument to what has
already been said beyond your reach
sorry
no way you had matter you upside besides
you don't even know how to fly I'll be
forever grateful for this to both of you
I want to go with you one day perhaps
sometime my life will be too
unpredictable and besides he'll meant to
be here in this case
Hermione first said that he was doing
the wrong movement by being too
aggressive with it then she added that
he was also saying it wrong you're going
to take someone's Island besides you're
saying it wrong by the way be careful
not to confuse it with the word beside
which is a preposition that is used to
indicate being by the side of or next to
something
okay
[Music]
now you marry but never known your
family you see them standing beside you
who sang wrong it's never OSA not live
you saw you do it then if you're so
clever to be clever is to have the
ability to quickly understand elaborate
or apply ideas more simply put to be
clever is to be intelligent Ron is
saying to Hermione that if she thinks
she is so smart telling him that he is
doing it all wrong she should try doing
the spell herself the one does it truely
answer to me
[Music]
hi honey I'm clever but not clever
enough
besides we've got a hoax me we know
we'll show you a quicker way you do it
then if you're so clever
as an informal idiomatic expression go
on is used to encourage somebody to say
or do something talk about tongues right
go on phones right Harry you're gonna
need your strength today I'm not hungry
come on now you'll be late
trees leaving gone come on we're saying
wrong it's never OSA not Liv you saw
valium LaRussa although Wingardium
Leviosa are made-up words we can still
analyze this humorous explanation that
Hermione gave Ron from a phonetic point
of view and learn a lot from it she
explained that when saying when Guardian
Leviosa
you should not pronounce Leviosa with an
open a sound at the end but rather with
a schwa sound so instead of saying
Leviosa you should say Musa
this is really useful to practice
because the schwa sound is the most
common sound in English so in order to
have clear correct pronunciation it is
important that you master it so let's
practice it with Hermione in Guardium
Musa Wingardium Leviosa
[Applause]
oh well see here everyone this great
just done it splendid splendid means
excellent fantastic or very impressive
example we had a splendid holiday
together it can be used by itself just
as Flitwick did to express great
admiration for something or somebody in
the old days I used to throw together
the occasion or supper party next door
to our considers an honor sir you'd be
welcome to Granger
I'd be the lightest that blended all
right so now it is time for you to test
everything that you learned today by
watching the full scene without
subtitles and to further challenge you
we will be actually pausing at the scene
at different moments to ask you some
different quiz questions and hey we
definitely want to make more lessons
like this one with Harry Potter so if
you enjoyed it let us know by hitting
that like button below and if there's a
particular scene you would like us to do
just write it down in the comments below
and maybe we'll do it alright so now
it's time to roll the test
one of the Wizards most rudimentary
skills is limitation the ability to make
objects fly you will have your feathers
good now well don't forget the nice
wrist movement we've been practicing the
swish add flick everyone enunciate
Wingardium Leviosa
[Music]
off you go there
[Applause]
Wingardium Leviosa stop stop stop
you're going to take someone's eye out
besides you're saying it wrong
[Music]
it's Leviosa not live you saw you do it
then if you're so clever
[Music]
don't bore Olivia Wingardium Leviosa
[Applause]
oh well dub see here everyone this gray
just done it splendid thank god Livio
swell time oh I think we're going to
need another feather over here professor
alright well if you're a Harry Potter
fan we're definitely going to be making
up more lessons with the movies I highly
recommend that you hit that subscribe
button so you don't miss any of those
and if you're learning British English
we'll rehab a ton of more British
English lessons which you will find in
this playlist I recommend you watch that
after you finish this video so now it's
time to go beyond the classroom and live
your English hi-yah